[TASK] Move best practises for additonal readme files (#369)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-HowToDocument: Documentation/GeneralConventions/FileStructure.rst

Full documentation
==================

To render a complete documentation manual you need a folder called

> :file:`Documentation` with at least an entry point reStrutured Text file called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file:`Documentation` with at least a reStructured Text file as entry point named
```

:file:`Documentation\Index.rst` and a configuration file called

> :file:`Documentation\guides.xml`. Add more files as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file:`Documentation\guides.xml`. Add more files as needed.
```

> You can keep :file:`a README.md` or :file:`README.rst` file with basic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can keep a :file:`README.md` or :file:`README.rst` file with basic
```

> information and a link to the published manual. These files will be commonly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information and a link to the published manual in the root folder of the extension. These files will be commonly
```

displayed on GitHub and GitLab.

.. code-block:: none

   .
   ├── composer.json
   ├── README.rst
   └── Documentation

>        ├── About.rst

Reviewer: Why `About.rst` and what is the purpose of it? By default, we have an `Introduction/Index.rst` file.

I suggest to stick to the example extension manual.

Author: removed it.

>        ├── guides.xml.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       ├── guides.xml
```

>        ├── About.rst

Author: ```suggestion
```
